# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 10/13/2021
- Meeting Time: 4:40PM - 5:00PM 
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Jerry Zhang
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Pranav Janjam
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Dorsa Tayebipour
- Justin Nguyen

## Members Absent 
- Yoomin Oh

## Meeting Agenda
1. Finalize video theme and specifications. 
2. Begin discussion regarding roles.

Notes: 
- Jerry brought up a comment that another team in the class was doing "The Office" theme for their video. 
- Jerry mentioned that we can do "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" theme. 
- Ruby suggested taking a vote to see whether or not the theme for the video should be changed. 
- Team took a vote and decided to keep "The Office" theme for the video. 
- Pranav volunteered to merge all the videos together for the group video. 
- Ruby and Jenny stated that all videos should be sent to Pranav. 
- Jenny stated that videos cannot be longer than 15 seconds for each group member given the 2.5 minute max limit set by the professor.
- Dorsa asked what the video will contain. 
- Ruby stated that the video will just consist of captions with team members name when their clip is shown and "The Office" intro song in the background.
- Dorsa asked what each individual video should look like and whether we had examples.
- Pranav commented that he will post a "demo" or "example" of what team members can do for their video in the Slack workspace for all team members to see.
- Jenny mentioned that the Team Github Page needs to be updated to include information for each team member.
- Each team member has been assigned to edit the team.md file on their own to include a brief information about them. 
- Ruby brought up the next topic regarding roles and whether or not anyone had any specific roles in mind that they wanted. 
- Ruby shared her screen to show the slides from the class discussion showing a role distribution example. 
- Dorsa and Victoria mentioned that they would like to be designers. 
- Jerry, Pranav, and Justin mentioned that they wouldn't mind being a mix between Developers and Testers. 
- Ruby stated that Quoc and Yoomin's input needs to be taken into consideration before roles are assigned and can be discussed this Saturday. 
- Meeting ended at 4:59PM. 
  
## Unfinished Business
1. Continue discussion regarding roles. 

## Action Plan 
- All members: Record short video (no more than 15 seconds) of yourself for group video. Once finished, send video to Pranav. 
- All members: Edit the team.md (Team Github Page) to include your description/information about you. 
- Yoomin: Sign and submit contract to repository. 
- Jieun: Submit screenshot of group hangout session. 
- Ruby: Publish meeting minutes and submit screenshot of admin/misc/ once all members have submitted their contract. 
- Pranav: Edit/merge video clips sent by all team members. 
