# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 10/20/2021
- Meeting Time: 5PM - 5:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Jerry Zhang
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Yoomin Oh
- Dorsa Tayebipour
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)

## Members Absent 
- Quoc-zuy Do

## Meeting Agenda
1. Weekly Standup
2. Progress updates for Cora
3. Questions, comments, concerns regarding the upcoming assignments for Cora

Notes: 
- Cora stated that she has looked over our repo on Github and that we have everything needed and should receive full credit for the assignments turned in. 
- Cora stated that she liked our video and will be receiving the extra credit point(s). 
- Cora began the discussion about brainstorming asking whether the group has began any brainstorming. 
  - Ruby mentioned that she has began research CRUD Recipe applications on Github and has created a FIGMA account so that the team can collaborate when brainstorming. 
  - Cora asked if any of the team members have read the Canvas description regarding the brainstorming assignments. 
    - No one had at that moment. 
    - Cora said that it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the upcoming assignments since there are a lot. 
  - Cora said that it would be a good idea to continue the meeting minutes the way that we have been doing so since it has good documentation. 
  - Cora asked if the team has a scheduled time for the brainstorming meeting. 
    - Ruby stated that it would be done in two sessions: one after the standup today and one on saturday.
    - Ruby also added that the Saturday meeting will most likely be extended for an extra 30 minutes. 
  - Ruby asked whether or not we would need to create a flow chart similar to the past lab for the brainstorming? 
    - Cora stated that it would be good to create a high level flow chart 
      - Cora said to: "Create something that will state what's going to happen at a high level, for example, 'there is going to be a page where a user can input a form for a new recipe' or 'a page where you can input a tag for a recipe.'"   
    - Cora suggested checking the slides from class or refer to Cam's example where they spoke about the domain of users and what exactly the app will do
- Dorsa asked a question regarding the design aspect of the brainstorming portion and particularly what software designers on the team should look into or use.
  - Cora stated that softwares that utilize event modeling diagrams would work but would have to get back to Dorsa about specific software, UIs, etc. 
  - Cora also stated that there might be recommendations or stuff listed on Canvas but will still ask around. 
- Dorsa asked another question regarding the format of dicussions and their purpose.
  - Cora stated the discussions were ultimately optional; however, they would like to begin the transition of remote to in person learning which is why some team members will need to be present - at least three. 
  - Additionally, Cora stated that future discussion sections will be used for in-person quizzes and Monday will most likely have one. 
    - Ruby asked about the contents of the quizzes and format. 
      - Cora stated that she unsure but expects them to be similar to the Canvas quizzes (e.g., lecture review)
  - Cora also stated that discussions are an opportunity to share amongsts other teams and are an opportunity to garner ideas if possible from other teams. 
  - Cora said that some other materials may be covered and can also be used as a chance for team members who cannot attend weekly standups and catch up. 
- Victoria asked a question regarding the upcoming lab and if we are going to break into groups?
  - Cora stated that you do not have to do it with another person but can if you would like to. 
- Jerry asked if there is any particular strategy for the team to complete the brainstorming portion? 
  - Cora suggested doing a mind map and stated that it is a great idea. 
  - Cora stated that it is important to "nail the domain", "think about the user", "think about the 5 Ws from lecture", and to get a user to break down into different personas. 
  - Cora also added that when thinking about the user, start to think of different scenarios and futures to consider. 
  - Cora once again mentioned to incoporate a "high level flow diagram"    
- Meeting ended at 5:20PM   
  
## Unfinished Business


## Action Plan 
- Begin brainstorming 
