# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 10/23/2021
- Meeting Time: 12:30-2:30PM 
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Yoomin Oh 
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Pranav Janjam
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Dorsa Tayebipour
- Justin Nguyen

## Members Absent 
- Jerry Zhang
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)

## Meeting Agenda
1. Continue brainstorming
2. Create more artifacts according to Cora's PDF for brainstorming 

Notes: 
- Quoc asked for a review of what we had done at the last meeting, if we have any artifacts created, and what we intend to do for this meeting. 
  - Ruby said that at the last meeting, the team who was present created a basic Potential Users / Expectations diagram
  - Ruby recapped a few things from the standup meeting that Cora had mentioned.
  - Ruby raised concern that there was not much of an assignment/specific requirements to follow. Additionally, she mentioned that Cora stated that the assignment is pretty open ended and is up to the group to decide what to do. 
  - Ruby stated that for this meeting, the plan is to create more diagrams / artifacts to submit. She said that they are hoping to get some that will also cover the future assignments coming up (e.g., user stories, user personas). 
- Quoc mentioned that the Canvas assignment mentions a few things that we could implement such as "clarifying definitions and requirements, thinking about the users and their expectations, and the apps mood/theme."
  - Dorsa agreed and thought it would be a good idea to narrow down what to turn in. 
- Quoc also mentions that we should look over the PDF that Cora had sent a few days ago in the Slack workspace so that we can get an idea of what to turn in for the artifacts. 
  - Ruby added that Cora said that any form of deliverables would technically be okay for this assignment. 
- Jenny asked for clarification as to what exactly we are going to be turning in for the brainstorming assignment. 
  - Ruby simplified that it would be any form of a deliverable as per Cora's description during the Wednesday standup. 
  - Jenny also asked if we will be submitting the Potential User Expectations and Target Audience artifact that we had created during the last meeting?
    - Ruby stated that we would but we will also need additional artifacts. 
    - Quoc asked what we plan on doing with this diagram? Additionally he asked about user personas and how these aren't as personal as he thought they were supposed to be. 
      - Ruby stated that "as of now, we are only coming up with something generic because we do not want to get into too much detail considering that we weren't given specific requirements regarding user personas assignment."
- Ruby raised a question regarding what the canvas means by "app moods"
  - Quoc stated that he believes it has to do with the type of "feel" we want to give the app such as professionalism and the colors we would associate professionalism with. 
  - Quoc also explains an example of a meditation application and the colors associated with it such as blues and purples. 
  - Quoc follows up with a question about what app mood do we intend on utilizing? Does the team plan on having a more professional or more "playful" tone?
    - Ruby stated that it depends on the target audience that we intend to reach. 
    - Quoc stated that we should target novice cooks / inexperienced cooks for our app. 
      - Pranav agrees. 
    - The team will go for an app that targets novice cooks. 
- Ruby stated that she plans on utilizing a Mind Map for an artifact for this assignment considering that it would be similar to a high-level diagram that Cora kept talking about. 
  - Quoc asked what exactly is a mind map and how do we intend to create it?
    - Ruby explains that it is basically a diagram that a main topic with subtopics that have subtopics and so forth. Additionally, she states that it usually includes key words instead of it being very detailed.
    - Justin agrees and sends a link to an image of a mind map. 
- Quoc asks what subtopics do we plan on using for the mind map aside from Audience, Features, and Visuals. He suggests adding an audio category. 
  - Ruby states that audio could potentially fall under features depending on what we plan on adding to it. 
  - The team decides that it would be better to include it as its own category. 
- Reyner asks if the application appearance would fall into the features or visuals category for the mind map?
  - Ruby answers and says that she believes it would fall under the visuals category but does not necessarily think that it would be necessary to include considering that we do not want to get too descriptive. 
- Pranav asks if we should include a rating system in the app?
  - Ruby asks Pranav if he intends to let other people see these ratings? 
    - Pranav says "yes."
    - Ruby followed up by saying that it would depend if we would be able to implement it and also if it is necessary. 
- Justin asks if we should include a feature that searches for a recipe?
  - Ruby says that opening an existing recipe and searching for one are almost the same thing. 
  - Reyner states that it is not necessary considering that it is a requirement/expected for a CRUD-based app. 
- Justin asks if we should include a feature that searches for a specific ingredient?
  - Quoc states that he doesn't believe it would be ideal/possible considering that most apps don't do this to begin with. He also states that we would need to input a tag for each ingredient which doesn't seem feasible/possible. 
- Quoc asks if we should include a font size feature? He believes it would be a good idea considering that when people cook and use their phone, they tend to walk away and it would help from long-distances to be able to read from far. 
  - Dorsa states that she doesn't think it would be a good idea considering that the person will take more time scrolling left and right/up and down to adjust the screen's position to read the recipe. 
    - Ruby states that we can potentially implement a feature that automatically scales the screen to the font size so that we do not have to move left/right and only up and down. 
- Quoc really likes the idea of tags that Ruby mentioned and believe it would be the best way to approach the app.
  - The team agrees. 
- Quoc asks whether we plan on implementing a tag for the type of meal? The amount of time? (e.g., fast cook time, breakfast)
  - Ruby thinks this is a good approach. 
  - Pranav also agrees that it wouild be a good approach and that tags would work best for this. 
- Quoc asks whether or not we think that it is enough subtopics to the mind map?
  - Ruby says yes. 
- Quoc asks what other deliverables do we intend to submit? He suggests looking at the PDF from Cora to get as many out of the way during the time we have left. 
  - Ruby agrees and thinks that since we already started the features we can possibly elaborate on the side. 
  - Ruby suggested that we could also do a rough outline of some other artifacts that can be used. 
  - Quoc asks what exactly do we plan on doing? He believes it would be better to do something concrete rather than having a rough outline of multiple. 
    - Ruby suggests elaborating on the Expectations/Potential audience by including user stories. 
      - The team agrees and thinks it would be easier and better. 
- *At this point of the meeting, two members had left early which were Jenny and Pranav* 
- Reyner suggests that the best way we could tackle this artifact would be to have each team member come up with a user story. 
  - The team agrees and divides the work into one user story per person. 
  - Reyner also suggests that if anyone else has another user story to add an extra. 
- *Team is taking time to come up with user stories on their own*
- Quoc asks how we intend to format the user stories? 
  - Just suggests following the user story format from the PDF that Cora had sent. 
- Ruby suggests reading over everyone's story/stories that they had created in the case that there might be repetition and we could use it as a chance to come up with a new story. 
  - Reyner states that there are millions of people and it is possible that multiple users who will use the app will have a similar story or the same story so it doesn't matter too much. 
    - Quoc states that this is true. 
    - Ruby agrees, however, we can possibly change the story to cater for different backgrounds/stories. 
      - The team agrees. 
- *The team decides to read over the stories and edit/delete some that are repetitive or to match the formatting of the rest*
- Quoc states that 3 deliverables seems to be a good number for this assignment. 
  - Ruby agrees since time is running out and many team members need to leave. 
- The meeting ended at 2:31PM.                                

## Unfinished Business

## Action Plan 
- Ruby: submit the meeting minutes and artifacts to the repo. 
