# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 10/27/2021
- Meeting Time: 5PM - 5:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Jerry Zhang
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Dorsa Tayebipour

## Members Absent 
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Yoomin Oh

## Meeting Agenda
1. Weekly Standup
2. Progress updates for Cora
3. Questions, comments, concerns regarding the upcoming assignments for Cora

Notes: 
- Cora gave a brief explanation of the upcoming Pitch assignment from canvas. She stated that the assignment will consist of the team creating a slide show. 
  - The slide show will consist of motivating reasons, rabbit holes, challenges with features, wireframes/diagrams
  - Additionally, Cora stated that it would be a good idea to begin skimming the text from the Professor -- ShapeUp, specifically Chapter 6 "Writing the Pitch" which can be found [here](https://basecamp.com/shapeup/1.5-chapter-06).
    - Cora said that this chapter will give us an idea of what state our wireframes and other artifacts should be in.   
- Cora asked about how the team has been doing and what they have been up to so far since the last standup. 
  - Ruby stated that she had familiarized herself with the Canvas assignments that are unlocked regarding the team project and has a few questions about the upcoming project pitch. 
- Ruby asked if the team needs to set an appointment with Cora for the project pitch before Monday since it seems to be rushed?
  - Cora stated that she is unsure whether or not the upcoming pitch assignment has to do with just the slides pertaining to the pitch and not the actual presentation. Additionally, she said that the team slides for the project pitch should be in the repo by November 1st. 
  - Cora added that she will follow up with the team regarding this question and ask another TA about the presentation. 
  - Cora also added that although we may not do the presentation yet, we can set an appointment in advanced to get feedback given that we will not be able to begin the coding aspect until her approval. 
- Cora stated that the Pitch should highlight the risks and the reasons for implementing them. 
- Cora added that we can also begin a Github board once the features the team decides to implement and are finalized. 
  - This is can only be done after the User Stories are written. 
- Cora stated that after the Pitch, the team can also begin setting up a Project Timelines and will be a good way to see how the project is progressing/progresses. 
  - It does not have to be too specific, just something to think about and begin as soon as the team has time. 
- Cora stated that it is best to prioritize the assignments that need to be done (e.g., Pitch).  
- Cora asked the rest of the team what they have been up to regarding the project? 
  - Jerry stated that he attended the Saturday meeting and created some of the artifacts. He also said that he has not started reading the boook but has read over the Pitch assignment on Canvas and has began thinking about it. 
  - Dorsa stated that she has been reading the ShapeUp text and is confused about what exactly are rabbit holes.
    - Cora stated that rabbit holes can be viewed as risks
  - Victoria stated that she has not started reading the text due to several upcoming midterms but will get started after they have subsided. 
  - Pranav stated that he attended the Saturday meeting and contributed to the diagrams which he says gave him a better idea of what to do. Additionally, he has read up on the meeting minutes and viewed the artifacts and diagrams that he didn't contribute to due to leaving early. He has also began reading the Canvas assignment regarding the project pitch. 
  - Reyner stated that he attended the Saturday meeting and contributed to the artifacts/diagrams and plans to contribute on the project pitch. 
- Cora stated that she will be creating a Geekbot which will send a DM to everyone. It is primarily for those who aren't or did not attend the Weekly Standup but can share what they have done and plan to do asynchronously. It will also be used for keeping tabs and participation points. 
  - Ruby stated that she will send a message to Quoc about Geekpoint so that he can get points. 
- Cora mentioned that she never got back to Dorsa about the software to use regarding the design aspect.
  - Cora stated that the TAs/professor mainly want to use Mira and Figma (especially since they're free to use) to create our diagrams/wireframes. 
  - Cora also added that the designers can use LucidChart but would still mainly prefer Figma/Mira.        
- Meeting ended at 5:20PM   
  
## Unfinished Business


## Action Plan 
- Begin project pitch
