# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 10/30/2021
- Meeting Time: 12:30PM - 2:45PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Jerry Zhang
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Dorsa Tayebipour
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Yoomin Oh

## Members Absent 

## Meeting Agenda
1. Continue and finish project pitch discussion and slides

Notes: 
- Ruby started off the discussion with recapping what had happened at the last Project Pitch discussion. 
- Ruby also mentioned to Justin and Jerry that Cora had asked that the team have at least 5 user personas. 
- Ruby also added that Cora had gave her a [link](http://opendesignkit.org/methods/personas/) as to how Jerry and Justin can come up with edge cases for the user personas. 
  - Jerry said that this link will be helpful and can allow them to expand on the user personas. 
- Quoc asked whether or not the team had an example that they were following when creating the slides. Additionally, he asked whether the format that was currently being used was from the brainstorming activity slides?
  - Ruby responded by saying that there weren't any particular examples that were given to the group by Cora and are just modeling it off the brainstorming and also what was shown in the ShapeUp book.
- Ruby asked Dorsa if she had managed to get started on the wireframe sketch by any chance?
  - Dorsa responded by saying that she had done research, looked up examples, but was ultimately waiting for Victoria to meet up so that they can do it together. Additionally, she mentioned that they would be meeting up after the meeting.
  - Dorsa asked whether the wireframes were concrete and cannot be edited later?
    - Ruby stated that she believes Cora mentioned that we can do something now and edit it later according to what we change/decide to add. 
  - Dorsa told Ruby that she would get started after the meeting, complete it, and ask for feedback on the design. 
- Ruby stated that as of now, the team can get started on the next 3 user personas. Ruby stated that it would be best to split the remaining three up to 3 team members. 
  - Jerry volunteered to do another persona. 
  - Quoc volunteered to do a persona. 
  - Jenny volunteered to do a persona. 
- Quoc asked how does the team plan on doing the formatting for the personas given that the others have to be consistent. 
  - Ruby stated that she wasn't a part of the persona creations but to ask Jerry and Justin instead. 
  - Jerry stated that he looked up several examples online and is now referencing the [link](http://opendesignkit.org/methods/personas/) that Ruby has sent in the chat. 
- Ruby mentioned that she's not sure what the mood of the powerpoints are supposed to be, professional or up to the team? She mentioned that it would be neat to include the team's color theme, etc...
  - Jerry mentioned that it would be a good idea and that we could try after we finished the important parts. 
- Quoc menioned that while he was looking at the Brainstorming activity .pdf and noticed that the user personas have frustrations and goals. He asked whether or not our personas should include them as well?
  - Jerry responded and agreed that yes the team should include them. 
- Quoc stated that he wasn't sure what the team is doing and who is working on what slides and whether or not each persona should have their own slide?
  - Ruby stated that following the format that Jerry and Justin had created on the first slide, it would be ideal to fit two personas per slide, therefore you should expect to see at least two people working on it.
- Pranav asked "what do we plan on doing with the architecture portion of the assignment?"
  - Ruby stated that she had asked Cora but has not received a response yet. 
- Jerry asked if with the user personas/stories, are we trying to respond or answer something?
  - Ruby stated that she thinks it is supposed to be answering the problem statement because it is supposed to respond to the users' worries, goals, and frustrations.
- Justin asked if for the system diagram, is it similar to what the team had done on the mind map that we completed for the brainstorming activity?
  - The team responded yes.
  - Justin followed up with another question on whether or not the team plans on creating another one and if we do, do we combine it into one file? 
    - Ruby stated that technically the diagram can be a slide of its own and it won't be counted towards the total slide count. 
 - Just stated that he would get started on the system diagram and ask for feedback as he goes on. 
  - Ruby stated that it may be good to have more people working on this together. 
  - Yoomin volunteered. 
  - Reyner volunteered.
- Quoc asked if for the user photos, where exactly are Justin and Jerry getting them from and if they are just stock photos?
  - Jerry responded by saying that they are pictures from the internet. He also added that it was part of the [website](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wocintechchat/) that the professor provided.
- Quoc stated that he had finished his user persona and asked if the team can check it/approve it. He also stated that he wasn't sure what to do now that he had finished.
  - Ruby assigned him to the participation of the system diagram.  
  - Quoc followed up with another question asking "what is the system diagram about" 
    - Yoomin stated that the system diagram is about the user website cycle. 
- Justin asked Yoomin regarding the system diagram: "why didn't we include a login-triangle because what if the person using the app wants to save their recipes, wouldn't it be different for each account?"
  - Reyner suggested making a bullet point slide that will not be visible when presenting so that it'd be easier for everyone working on the diagram on Figma since he wasn't sure where it'd be a good spot for him to join and edit. 
    - Justin agreed and said that it would reduce conflict amongst those working on it. 
    - Justin stated that the team can make a numbered list and if they run out of space they can create a new slide. 
  - *This prompted a discussion amongst the team and what features, ideas, and flow the app should have*
- **Ruby asked for the design of the application what ideas does the team have?**
  - Reyner asked if the team plans on having a login feature?
    - Pranav mentioned that it seems like it may be too time consuming or complicated to finish. 
    - Quoc stated that we planned on implementing it but that was a good point. 
    - Justin asked whether anyone was good at backend because it requires lots of knowledge in that regard. 
      - The team was not confident entirely but Jerry suggested that he may be capable. 
  - Justin asked if we plan on using the recipe similar to a recipe manager?
    - Ruby stated that it would make sense to treate it as one given that it is a CRUD application and would need to have features that allow the user to create, delete, and view recipes.
  - Justin asked if we plan on having a public one where other users are able to see recipes that others have created on the app?
    - The team thinks so. 
  - Jerry mentioned that although the login feature may be complicated, it should be of top priority to incorporate. 
  - Reyner asked whether we plan on allowing the user to update the recipe?
    - Jerry mentioned that user authentication/login would help with this and will allow you to handle this.
    - Reyner stated that since we're creating a CRUD application it seems like we would need to. 
    - Quoc stated that CRUD apps need to create, something to browse for searching recipes, something to delete recipes and edit a recipe if they mess or anything. 
  - Justin asked if we plan to have a single page or include tabs?
    - Quoc stated that we need tabs for certain features such as browing, searching, creating. He also added that we can include a form for the recipe/format that is then converted into a JSON.
  - Jerry asked if a user were to create a recipe, would everyone on the application be able to view it?
    - Justin stated that yes, however, the only person who is able to edit it would be the person who created it. 
    - Pranav raised concerns and stated that it seems very complicated. 
  - Justin asked that if someone is not logged in, would they still be able to view/search for recipes?
    - Quoc stated that they should be able to but they wont be able to create any recipes.
    - Jerry suggested making the user to log in to an account to use the application.
      - Ruby stated that she doesn't believe it's a good idea to force people to create an account given that they may just be looking for a specific recipe. 
        - The rest of the team agreed.
  - Jerry mentioned that we should try and come up with a name for the app. 
    - Pranav agreed and said that we should come up with one soon. 
    - Ruby agreed as well and stated it would be good as an identifier. 
  - Quoc mentioned that we do not need to have a tab for the account login and that we can just have something on the top. 
  - Justin asked if we should include a filtering feature or if it is just something we can do if we have time?
    - Ruby mentioned that she believes since the team plans on having tags, it would make sense that there is a filter so that they can filter by tag. 
  - Ruby asked if the team plans to implement a promopt that warns the user when they are about to exit if they're in the middle of creating a recipe given that sometimes people accidentally close their tabs?
    - Pranav mentioned that we could have prompt that asks the user if they are sure they want to leave the website. 
    - Justin said that it would be part of the browser.   
  - *End discussion of features for the time being*
- *The team began doing their assigned portions during the meeting*  
- Jenny asked if we plan on creating a markdown file for the powerpoint?
  - Ruby stated that it is not necessary given that it is optional according to the message Cora had sent earlier in the week. 
- Ruby once again brought up the theme of the slides and if we should adjust it to the team color scheme? Additionally, she asked if she should import a template?
  - Jerry stated that yes we could do that. He also mentioned it would be easier to design the slides ourselves instead of importing.
  - Ruby asked Jenny for her opinion on the slides and content on the slides. 
    - Jenny said that they were good.  
- Ruby brought up another question regarding the presentation. She asked if any team members were interested in being present since a few have to be present?
  - Quoc mentioned that he would like to be there but it would depend on the time given that he has a busy schedule. 
  - Ruby once again iterated that not everyone needs to be present but it can be based on availability with Cora and team members. 
  - Justin, Pranav, Pranav, and Quoc expressed their interest in being present. 
- Ruby asked if the flowchart had been completed?
  - Quoc said that he thinks so but the team members assigned are having complications with where to place the "leave site" part. 
    - Jerry stated that he doesn;t believe it has to be that specific.  
- Jerry asked that since he has finished his task, is there anything he should be doing?
  - Ruby stated that she wasn't sure yet given that the only things left are the flow chart which already has enough people working on it and doesn't think it would be a good idea to throw him in there and the wireframes which Victoria and Dorsa are assigned.
- Justin asked if the wireframes depend on the system diagram/flow chart that was created?
  - The team stated that yes it does. 
  - Justin suggested getting into contact with Dorsa and Victoria to let them know about the flow chart and bullet points created. 
- The meeting ended at 2:46PM 
    
## Unfinished Business
1. Finish setting up a time with Cora for the presentation.

## Action Plan 
- Dorsa/Victoria: Finish the wireframes and place them inside of the [Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cgTA72VV5fs0XqxBHToqqHerOQCwAbiply8vpfVFFvY/edit?usp=sharing). 
