# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 11/03/2021
- Meeting Time: 5:15PM - 5:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Dorsa Tayebipour
- Yoomin Oh

## Members Absent 
- Jerry Zhang
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)

## Meeting Agenda
1. Team concerns, comments, questions.
2. Ask for team member updates on modifying and if anyone needs any help. 

Notes: 
- Before the meeting had began, Ruby sent a message in the #general channel on Slack expressing concerns that there were conflcits in the slides that were happening. 
  - Ruby brought up that during the mini pitch, someone had mentioned that there would be recommendations based on the user (personalized ones). However, the issue is that on the No-Gos slides, it was stated that we would be avoiding that. 
  - Ruby stated that it would require a lot of ML (Machine Learning) which may be too advanced/complicated for the amount of time that is left. She also said that she does not believe she would be able to do it and asked if anyone else would be able to?
    - The team said no and should be something that is avoided. 
  - Justin mentioned that it is not present in the Features slides so it should not be too alarming given that we can just say that the project is not focusing on personalized recommendations. 
  - Pranav mentioned that instead of having personalized recipes generated for each specific user, it could be based on all users such as popularity (e.g., amount of interactions). 
    - Ruby agreed and stated that she was thinking the same thing given that she does not think it would be possible to do it based on each individual user. 
  - Yoomin mentioned that if time permits, it could be possible for some team members who are comfortable with machine learning to try and attempt to implement it. 
- Justin asked if any team members who are comfortable with the system diagram structure to include a legend for the shapes. 
- Victoria mentioned that based on the wireframe design for our project, the seasonal recommendation portions are based on popular recipes and how many users interact with each recipe page. 
  - Ruby added that for the seasonal recommendation she believes Victoria is saying that it will be based on the administrators / web page owners to select the recipes and publish them themselves. 
- Victoria asked if for the wireframes, should they create one based on the login page and create account? 
  - The team said yes. 
- Ruby asked if team members had any specific preferences for software, frameworks, libraries, etc that they would like to use?
  - Justin stated that he does not have a preference.
  - Other team members expressed that it would be better to wait until the entire team is together to speak about this topic.
- Ruby asked that since the mini pitch is the only upcoming assignment, team members who will be attending can stay a little bit after to split the slides up?
- Ruby said that all other team members were free to leave and to finish their assigned tasks as soon as possible. 
- The meeting ended at 5:29PM.      
   
## Unfinished Business
1. Ask team members if they have any specific preferences for software, frameworks, libraries, etc that they would like to use during the next meeting. 

## Action Plan 
- Each team member's task assignment will be sent in the slack #assigned-tasks channel. 