# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 11/03/2021
- Meeting Time: 5PM - 5:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Jerry Zhang
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Dorsa Tayebipour
- Yoomin Oh

## Members Absent 
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)

## Meeting Agenda
1. Weekly Standup
2. Progress updates for Cora
3. Questions, comments, concerns regarding the upcoming assignments for Cora

Notes: 
- Cora started off the meeting with letting the team know which members have been sent an invite link to the Pitch Presentation Zoom event. The team members are Pranav, Jerry, Quoc, and Ruby. 
- Cora asked if any team members have any questions regarding the feedback she had provided in the #general chat.
  - Ruby raised a question regarding the Project Road map. She asked whether the Project Road Map is supposed to resemble something similar to a Gantt Chart or if its not as specific?
    - Cora stated that it is definitely more similar to a Gantt Chart and not the team organization diagram. 
    - Yoomin asked if Cora could specify or elaborate on what the No-Gos slide is supposed to consist of? He also added that the ShapeUp chapter that she had shared does explain it thoroughly and is still confused. 
      - Cora stated that it is stuff that the team does not want the application to turn into. 
      - Additionally, Cora added that it is features that the team is avoiding and won't plan to implement. 
      - Cora stated that it does not need to be very detailed and is more about what the team has decided to go against / not go into. 
    - Yoomin asked a follow up question regarding the No-Gos and whether or not it has to do with the ideas that team has came up with but rejected.
      - Cora agreed and stated that it would be more about what the app will look like vs. what in reality the team can actually do. 
      - Cora added that it relates more to what the team has discussed. It dfoes not have to be too detailed, just a few points in the slides to receive full credit. 
    - Victoria asked if all team members are supposed to be present due to the fact that has a time conflict when the presentation is taking place?
      - Cora stated that not everyone has to be present, even one person is enough. 
- Cora asked about what each team member has done the last week and what the team will begin working on for the rest of the week. 
  - Ruby:
    - **Worked on:** Worked on the slide intros, team assignment, revision of slides, and submission. 
    - **Will work on:** Revise slides that she created according to Cora's feedback. Has been researching and getting inspiration from other recipe websites to begin thinking how the app could look like but has been busy with midterm so has not done too much. 
  - Victoria:
    - **Worked on:** Participated in the creation and design of wireframes. 
    - **Will work on:** Modifying portions of the wireframes to align with the feedback from Cora. 
  - Reyner:
    - **Worked on:** For the past week has been involved on some of the system diagram creation and contributed to the risks/rabbit holes slides. 
    - **Will work on:** Plans to research more on the applications and gaining inspiration for features that we could incorporate / interface.    
  - Justin: 
    - **Worked on:** Created some of the User Personas and contributed to the System Diagram. 
    - **Will work on:** Plans to modify and clearly define the features for the project. Wants to make sure that all the features (major ones specifically) are all lined out. 
  - Pranav: 
    - **Worked on:** Participated on the Risks and Rabbit holes slide, contributed to system diagram. 
    - **Will work on:** Plans on jotting down ideas of what the interface could potentially look like and getting more into the specifics of creating the interface. Additionally, plans on revising and modifying the risks/rabbit holes portion of the slides and filter down the things that are more team based and specify those that are not, add more details. 
  - Dorsa: 
    - **Worked on:** Creating and modifying wireframes such as adding notes to the options. 
    - **Will work on:** Plans to modify after receiving feedback from the group and finalize all modifications. 
  - Yoomin: 
    - **Worked on:** Worked on the System Diagram. 
    - **Will work on:** For this coming week, plans on implementing the features slides and hopefully begin the coding portion. 
- Cora stated that our group would be the first one presenting from all of her groups. 
- Cora added that she would not have gave our team the option to present had she thought we were not ready, meaning that she believes our team is prepared. 
- Pranav asked a question regarding the rabbit hole and risks slides. He asked whether the team specific risks/rabbit holes should be removed from the slides or kept? 
  - Cora stated that we could keep them there but the main point that she wanted to see were the risks associated with the features that we plan on implementing. 
- Ruby asked Cora what software will the team be able to use for the actual representation?
  - Cora suggested implementing code in local storage to begin with. 
  - Cora expressed that if we are not familiar with certain databases, software, frameworks that we should avoid them. The reason for this is because the team will end up spending more time trying to figure it out rather than implementing. 
  - Cora also stated that the professor wants students to specifically want to stay away from Firebase and REACT.
    - However, if the team did decide to continue using it, we would need to present a case supporting that we are fully capable of using it and knowledgeable in it. 
  - Justin followed up with a question if the team will be able to use express? 
    - Cora stated that it would be fine. 
- The meeting ended at 5:13PM. 
   
## Unfinished Business

## Action Plan 
- Each team member's task assignment will be sent in the slack #assigned-tasks channel. 